Fixed BaseSensorOperator to make respect the trigger_rule in downstream tasks, when setting soft_fail="True" (#8867)
mistercrunch/Airflow: UPDATING.md

-->

> ### BaseSensorOperator to make respect the trigger_rule of downstream tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Made BaseSensorOperator respect the trigger_rule of downstream tasks
```

Author: Fixed!

Previously, BaseSensorOperator with setting soft_fail=True becomes skipped itself
and skips all its downstream tasks unconditionally, when it fails.

> The point is not respect the trigger_rule of downstream tasks, when it fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The point is it does not respect the trigger_rule of downstream tasks when it fails.
```

Author: Fixed!

https://developers.google.com/style/inclusive-documentation

-->

### Made BaseSensorOperator respect the trigger_rule of downstream tasks

Previously, BaseSensorOperator with setting soft_fail=True becomes skipped itself
and skips all its downstream tasks unconditionally when it fails.
The point is it does not respect the trigger_rule of downstream tasks when it fails.
In the new behavior, the trigger_rule of downstream tasks are respected.
User can preserve/achieve the original behaviour by setting every downstream task to all_success,
because downstream tasks with trigger_rule all_success (i.e. the default) are skipped
when upstream task is skipped.

> 

Reviewer 2: Sorry that I am bothering you again with that, but the UPDATING.md changed a lot i.e. we now have sections.
More information: https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/10090

Please rebase and move that into an appropriate section.

After you've done that let me know and I am merging it. Sorry and thanks for your patience :)

Author: Thank you for sharing your information with me!
I've fixed! :)

The old method is still works but can be abandoned at any time. The changes are intended to delete method
that are rarely used.

### Made BaseSensorOperator respect the trigger_rule of downstream tasks

Previously, BaseSensorOperator with setting soft_fail=True becomes skipped itself
and skips all its downstream tasks unconditionally when it fails.
The point is it does not respect the trigger_rule of downstream tasks when it fails.
In the new behavior, the trigger_rule of downstream tasks are respected.
User can preserve/achieve the original behaviour by setting every downstream task to all_success,
because downstream tasks with trigger_rule all_success (i.e. the default) are skipped
when upstream task is skipped.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you move that to the top when you rebase? :)

Author: I fixed it. :)
